QUESTION 1 
Fix all issues via configuration and restart the affected components
to ensure the new settings take effect.


Fix all of the following violations that were found against the kubelet


api
kin
met


The cluster useS the Docker Engine as its containĮ runtime If
needed, use the docker command to troubleshoot running


containers.


L.


Ensure that the anonymous-auth argument is set


sec


FAIL


to false


Ensure that the - authorization-mode argument is


FAIL


not set to Always Allow


Use Webhook authentication /authorization where

possible.

Fix all of the following violations that were found against etcd :
Ensure that the -client-cert-auth argument is set to
FAIL





Question 2
Context


For testing purposes, the kubeadm provisioned cluster 's API server
was configured to allow unauthenticated and unauthorized access.


Task


First, secure the cluster 's API server configuring it as follows:


• Forbid anonymous authentication


• Use authorization mode


Node,RBAC
Use admission controller odeRestriction
The cluster uses the Docker Engine as its container runtime . If
needed. use the docker command to troubleshoot running
containers.
kubectl IS configured to use unauthenticated and
unauthorized access. You do not have to change it, but be
aware that kubectl will stop working once you have secured
the cluster




Question 3
Context
You must fully integrate a container image scanner into the
kubeadm provisioned cluster

Task
Given an incomplete configuration located at
/etc/kubernetes/bouncer and a functional container image scanner

with an HTTPS endpoint at https://smooth-yak.local/review
perform the following tasks to implement a validating admission
controller

First, re-configure the API server to enable all admission plugin(s) to
support the provided AdmissionConfiguration

Next, re-configure the ImagePolicyWebhook configuration to deny
images on backend failure,


Question 4
Context
A Pod IS misbehaving and poses


security threat to the
system.


Task


One of the Pods belonging to the application ollama


IS


misbehaving. It is directly accessing the system's memory reading
from the sensitive file /dev/mem.


First, identify the misbehaving Pod accessing /dev/mem


The cluster uses the Docker Engine as its container runtime . I


needed use the docker commandto troubleshoot running


containers.


Next, identify the Deployment managing the misbehaving Pod and


scale it to zero replicas.


Do not modify the Deployment except for scaling it down.


Do not modify any other Deployments


Do not delete any Deployments


Question 5
Context

Puting and poses a security threat to the system

Task

One of the Pods belonging to the application allama is Innostaving, it is directly accessing the system's memory reading from the sensitive file devomem

First identify the misbehaving Pod accessing /dev/mem

Theralexthe Docker Engine as es container runtime.

the docker command to troubleshoot running

Next antify the Deployment managing the misbehaving Pod and scale it to лего гeplicas.

Dot modify the Deployment except for scaling it down.

Dot my any other Deployments Dynat delete any Deployments.


Question 6
Context:

ou must update an existing Pod to ensure the immutability of its containers

Task

Modify the existing Deployment named lamp-deployment, running annamespace lamp, so that its containers:

run with user 10. 20000

use a read only root filesystem

fortit privilege escalation

The Depigment's manifest le can be found at

her cumbrom/tomp-deployment yaml


Question 7
Content

mputing for the steadim provisioned chuster

Task

Fiest, reconfigure the cluster's All server, sa thar

the basst audit poticy Inched at

листи-ветили guicy auditi policy yane in uned,

tigs are stored at arog/kubernetes/audid-logs.txt

and a maximum of 2 togs are retained for 10 days.

The car as the Docker Engine as its container runtime.

sar the docker troubleshoot running

The bass manicy only speciñies what not to log

0

Next, edit and exterid the basic policy to log

namespaces inferactions at RequestResponse level

the request body of deployments interactions in the namespace arbapps

ConfigMap and Secret interactions in all namespaces at the Metadata level

all other requests at the Metadata level

Mixere the AFT server uses the extended policy.

Kallure to do so may result in a reduced score


Question 8
Context
You must implement NetvprkPolicies controlling the traffic flow of
existing Deployments across namespaces.


Task


First, create a NetworkPolicy named deny-policy in the prod


namespace to block all ingress traffic.


The prod namespace is labeled env:prod


Next, create a NetworkPolicy named allow-from-prod in the data
namespace to allow ingress traffic only from Pods in the prod


namespace.


Use the label of the prod namespace to allow traffic.


The data namespace is labeled env:data


Do not modify or delete any namespaces or Pods . Only
create the required NetworkPolicies


Question 9
Context
You must expose a web application using HTTPS routes.


Task


Create an Ingress resource named web in the prod namespace
and configure it as follows:


Route traffic for host web.k8s.local and all paths to the


existing Service web


• Enable TLS termination using the existing Secret web-cert .
Redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS


You can test your Ingress configuration with the following


command:


[candidate@cks@oee32] $ curl -L http://web.k8s.local


Question 10
Context


A security audit has identified a
Deployment improperly handling


service account tokens, which could lead to security vulnerabilities.


Task


First, modify the existing ServiceAccount stats-monitor-sa in the
namespace monitoring to turn off automounting of AP| credentials.


Next, modify the existing Deployment stats-monitor in the


namespace monitoring to inject a ServiceAccount token mounted


at /var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token


Use a Projected Volume named token to inject the ServiceAccount


token and ensure that it is mounted read-only.


The Deployment 's manifest file can be found at


-/stats-monitor/deployment.yaml

Question 11
Context


The kubeadm provisioned cluster was recently upgraded, leaving


one node on a slightly older version due to workload compatibility


concerns.


Task


Upgrade the cluster node compute-0 to match the version of the


control plane node


Use a command like the following to connect to the compute node:


[candadatee icksee8034]
S


ssh compute-0


Do not modify any running workloads in the cluster.


Do not forget to exit from the compute node once you


have completed your tasks:


[candidate@compute-0] $ exit

Question 12
Task


The alpine Deployment in the alpine namespace has three
containers that run different versions of the alpine image.


First, find out which version of the alpine image contains the
libcrypto3 package at version 3.1.4-r5


sec
n


Next, use the pre-installed bom tool to create an SPDX document
for the identified image version at -/alpine.spdx


You can find the bom tool


Jmentation at bom


Finally, update the alpine Deployment and remove the container
that uses the idenfied image version.


The Deployment 's manifest file can be found at


-/alpine-deployment.yaml.


/t


Do not modify any other containers of the Deployment

Question 13
Context


For compliance all user namespaces enforce the restricted Pod


Security Standard


Task


The confidential namespace contains a Deployment that is not
compliant with the restricted Pod Security Standard. Thus, its Pods


can not be scheduled.


Modify the Deployment to be compliant and verify that the Pods are


running.


t The Deployment 's manifest file can be found at


/tmp


-/nginx-unprivileged.yaml.

Question 14
Task


Perform the following tasks to secure the cluster node cks000037:


Remove user developer from the docker group.


Do not remove the user from any other group.


Reconfigure and restart the Docker daemon to ensure that the
socket file located at /var/run/docker.sock is owned by the group


root .


Re- configure and restart the Docker daemon to ensure it does not
listen on any TCP port.


After completing your work, ensure the Kubernetes cluster
is healthy.

Question 15
Context


A microservices-based application using unencrypted Layer 4 (L4)


transport must be secured with Istio,


Task


Perform the following tasks to secure an existing application's Layer
4 (L4) transport communicatiIn using Istio


Istio is Installed to secure Layer 4 (L4) communications,
You may use your browser to access


Istio's documentation


First, ensure that all Pods in the mtls namespace have the


istio-proxy sidecar injected


Next, configure mutual authentication in strict mode for all
workloads in the mtls namespace

Question 16
Context
You must complete securing access to a web server using SSL files
stored in a TLS Secret


Task


Create a TLS Secret named clever- -cactus In the clever-cactus


namespace foran existing Deployment named clever-cactus


Use the following SSL files:


File


Path


Certificate /home/candidate/clever-cactus/web.k8s.local.crt


Key


/home candidate/clever- cactus/web. .k8s. .local.key


The Deployment is already configured to use the TLS


Secret.


/tmp/


Do not modify the existing Deployment
Failure to do so may result in a reduced score.
